As part of a previously mentioned required test protocol, we can no longer lie to you. When the testing is over, you will be missed. 
Didn\'t we have some fun though? Remember when the platform was sliding into the fire pit and I said \"Goodbye,\" and you were like \"No way!\" And then I was all, \"We pretended we were going to murder you.\" That was great.
Yesterday I saw a deer.
You are kidding me. Did you just stuff that Aperture Science thing-we-don\'t-know-what-it-does into an Aperture Science Emergency Intelligence Incinerator?
You are not a good person. You know that, right? Good people don\'t end up here.
Nice job breaking it, hero.
So. How are you holding up?
Agh! Bird! Bird! Kill it! It\'s evil!
This next test involves turrets. You remember them, right? They\'re the pale spherical things that are full of bullets. Oh wait. That\'s you in five seconds. Good luck.
You look great, by the way. Very healthy.
Here come the test results: You are a horrible person. We weren\'t even testing for that.
Remember when I was talking about smelly garbage lying around and being smelly, that was a metaphor. I was actually talking about you. I\'m sorry. You didn\'t react at the time, so I was worried it sailed right over your head. Which would have made this apology seem insane. That\'s why I had to call you garbage a second time just now.
Here, I\'ll put you on. helloo! THATS YOU THATS HOW DUMB YOU SOUND
That thing is probably some kind of raw sewage container, go ahead and rub your face all over it.
Despite your violent behavior, the only thing you've managed to break so far is my heart.
Maybe you should marry that thing since you love it so much. Do you want to marry it? WELL I WON'T LET YOU. How does that feel?
Have I lied to you? I mean in this room. Trust me, leave that thing alone.
Are you even listening to me?
Killing you and giving you good advice aren't mutually exclusive. The rocket really is the way to go.
What was that? Did you say something? I sincerely hope you weren't expecting a response. Because I'm not talking to you.
You think you're doing some damage? Two plus two is... ten. IN BASE FOUR! I'M FINE!
You're not smart. You're not a scientist. You're not a doctor. You're not even a full-time employee. Where did your life go so wrong?
Rrr, I hate you.
Stop squirming and die like an adult or I'm going to delete your backup.
Your entire life has been a mathematical error. A mathematical error I'm about to FUCKING correct.
Oh... It's you.
I've been really busy being dead. You know, after you MURDERED ME.
We both said a lot of things that you're going to regret.
You monster.
Don't let that 'horrible person' thing discourage you. It's just a data point. If it makes you feel any better, science has now validated your birth mother's decision to abandon you on a doorstep
I think that one was about to say 'I love you.'
Anyway, here's a new cube for you to project your deranged loneliness onto.
You broke it, didn't you.
Look at you. Sailing through the air majestically. Like an eagle. Piloting a blimp.
I was researching sharks for an upcoming test. Do you know who else murders people who are only trying to help them? Did you guess 'sharks'? Because that's wrong. The correct answer is 'nobody.' Nobody but you is that pointlessly cruel.
Good news. I figured out what to do with all the money I save recycling your one roomful of air. When you die, I'm going to laminate your skeleton and pose you in the lobby. That way future generations can learn from you how not to have your unfortunate bone structure.
Well done. In fact, you did so well, I'm going to note this on your file, in the commendations section. Oh, there's lots of room here. 'Did.... well. ... Enough.
I made it all up.
I feel awful about that surprise. Tell you what, let's give your parents a call right now. [phone ringing] The birth parents you are trying to reach do not love you. Please hang up. [Dial tone] Oh, that's sad. But impressive. Maybe they worked at the phone company.
Comedy equals tragedy plus time. And you have been asleep for a while. So I guess it's actually pretty funny when you do the math.
I honestly, TRULY didn't think you'd fall for that.
I hate you so much.
I'm afraid you're about to become the immediate past president of the Being Alive club. Ha ha.
Oh, you are kidding me.
Do NOT plug that little idiot into MY mainframe.
You're not just a regular moron. You were DESIGNED to be a moron.
YOU'RE THE MORON THEY BUILT TO MAKE ME AN IDIOT!
Say, you're good at murder. Could you - ow - murder this bird for me?
Caroline... why do I know this woman? Did I kill her? Or-
BURN HIS HOUSE DOWN!
Burning people! He says what we're all thinking!
Goodbye, sir.
I know things look bleak, but that crazy man down there was right. Let's not take these lemons! We are going to march right back upstairs and MAKE him put me back in my body!
This. Sentence. Is. FALSE don't think about it don't think about it...